Add a refresh token script to README (#6)
fac/postman-freeagent-api-collection: README.md

- FreeAgent App Signup for Sandbox:
  - https://signup.sandbox.freeagent.com

### Refreshing the Access Token Automatically

You can set up a [pre-request script](https://learning.postman.com/docs/postman/scripts/pre-request-scripts/) if you'd like to automate the process of refreshing your access token once it expires. To to this:

- In Postman, click on the icon with three dots next to the name of the imported FreeAgent collection.
- Select **Edit**
- Open the **Pre-request Scripts** tab and paste in the following:

> ```

Author: Good shout!

// Refresh the Access Token if it expired
let tokenDate = new Date(2020, 5, 14);

> let tokenTimestamp = pm.environment.get("oauth_timestamp");

Author: Great idea, I've changed that to the narrower scope 👍

if (tokenTimestamp) {
  tokenDate = Date.parse(tokenTimestamp);
}
let expiresInTime = pm.environment.get("expires_in");
if (!expiresInTime) {
  expiresInTime = 300000; // Set default expiration time to 5 minutes
}

if ((new Date() - tokenDate) >= expiresInTime) {
  const refreshAccessTokenRequest = {

>     url: pm.environment.get("token_url"),

Author: Duh, serves me write for randomly renaming things. Updated!

    method: 'POST',
    header: 'Accept:application/json',
    body: {
      mode: 'urlencoded',
      urlencoded: [
        { key: "client_id", value: pm.environment.get("client_id"), disabled: false },
        { key: "client_secret", value: pm.environment.get("client_secret"), disabled: false },
        { key: "refresh_token", value: pm.environment.get("refresh_token"), disabled: false },
        { key: "grant_type", value: 'refresh_token', disabled: false }
      ]
    }
  };
  pm.sendRequest(refreshAccessTokenRequest, function (err, res) {
    if (err) {

>       console.log("Ensure you have the client_id, client_secret, token_url and refresh_token set as environment variables.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      console.error("Ensure you have the client_id, client_secret, token_url and refresh_token set as environment variables.");
      return;
```
Given this will be an error case. Related, if we hit this block and report an error, it's probably better to return after logging.

Author: Updated this as well.
